WILL YOU LET IT GO?
IT'S NOT THAT
BIG A DEAL.
IT'S AMAZING, OKAY?
YOU JUST REACH IN THERE
THERE'S ONE LITTLE MANEUVER
AND BAM, A BRA,
RIGHT OUT THE SLEEVE.
AS FAR AS
I'M CONCERNED
THERE IS NOTHING A GUY CAN DO
THAT EVEN COMES CLOSE.
Rachel:
OH, COME ON!
YOU GUYS CAN PEE
STANDING UP.
WE CAN? OKAY,
I'M TRYING THAT.
YOU KNOW
WHAT BLOWS MY MIND?
WOMEN CAN SEE BREASTS
ANYTIME THEY WANT.
YOU JUST LOOK DOWN,
AND THERE THEY ARE.
HOW YOU GET ANY WORK DONE
IS BEYOND ME.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT I DON'T GET?
THE WAY GUYS CAN DO
SO MANY MEAN THINGS
AND THEN NOT EVEN CARE.
MULTIPLE ORGASMS.
Joey:
THERE YOU GO.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO ♪
SO, SATURDAY NIGHT,
THE BIG NIGHT
DATE NIGHT, SATURDAY NIGHT,
SA-TUR-DAY NIGHT!
NO PLANS, HUH?
NOT A ONE.
NOT EVEN, SAY,
BREAKING UP WITH JANICE?
OH, RIGHT, RIGHT.
SHUT UP.
CHANDLER, NOBODY LIKES
BREAKING UP WITH SOMEONE.
YOU JUST GOT
TO DO IT.
I KNOW, BUT IT'S
JUST SO HARD, YOU KNOW?
I MEAN, YOU'RE
SITTING THERE WITH HER.
SHE HAS NO IDEA
WHAT'S HAPPENING.
YOU FINALLY GET UP
THE COURAGE TO DO IT
AND THERE'S
THAT HORRIBLE AWKWARD MOMENT
WHEN YOU'VE HANDED HER
THE NOTE...
WHY DO YOU HAVE TO
BREAK UP WITH HER?
BE A MAN.
JUST STOP CALLING.
IF YOU WANT,
I'LL DO IT WITH YOU.
I THINK SHE'D FEEL
LIKE WE'RE GANGING UP ON HER.
NO, I MEAN,
YOU BREAK UP WITH JANICE
AND I'LL BREAK UP WITH TONY.
YOU'RE BREAKING UP WITH TONY?
YEAH, I KNOW HE'S SWEET,
BUT IT'S JUST NOT FUN ANYMORE.
I DON'T KNOW IF IT'S ME
OR HIS HUNGER STRIKE, OR...
DOES ANYBODY WANT
ANYTHING ELSE?
OH, YEAH.
LAST WEEK YOU HAD A WONDERFUL
NUTTY, CHOCOLATY
KIND OF A CAKEY PIE-THING...
NOTHING. JUST, JUST... I'M FINE.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
WHY SO SCRUNCHY?
OH, IT'S MY FATHER.
HE WANTS TO GIVE ME
A MERCEDES CONVERTIBLE.
THAT GUY... HE BURNS ME UP.
YEAH, WELL, IT'S A MERCEDES
IF I MOVE BACK HOME.
UGH, IT'S HORRIBLE!
HE CALLED ME
"YOUNG LADY."
I HATE WHEN MY FATHER
CALLS ME THAT.
DID HE GIVE YOU
THAT "YOU'RE NOT UP
TO THIS" THING AGAIN?
OH, YEAH. I ACTUALLY GOT
THE EXTENDED DISCO VERSION
WITH THREE CHORUSES OF "YOU'LL
NEVER MAKE IT ON YOUR OWN."
♪ UH-HUH, UH-HUH. ♪
HI, JOEY.
OH, MY GOD-- ANGELA.
WOW. BEING DUMPED BY YOU
OBVIOUSLY AGREES WITH HER.
ARE YOU GOING TO
GO OVER THERE?
NO. YEAH. NO.
OKAY, BUT NOT YET.
I DON'T WANT
TO SEEM TOO EAGER.
ONE-MISSISSIPPI,
TWO-MISSISSIPPI
THREE-MISSISSIPPI...
THAT SEEMS PRETTY COOL.
HEY, ANGELA.
JOEY.
YOU LOOK GOOD.
THAT'S 'CAUSE
I'M WEARING A DRESS
THAT ACCENTS MY BOOBS.
YOU DON'T SAY.
SO, RACHEL
WHAT ARE YOU...
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING TONIGHT?
OH, BIG GLAMOUR NIGHT
ME AND MONICA
AT LAUNDERAMA.
OH. YOU, UH...
YOU WANT TO HEAR
A FREAKISH COINCIDENCE?
GUESS WHO'S DOING
LAUNDRY THERE TOO?
WHO?
ME.
WAS THAT NOT CLEAR?
UH, HEY, WHY
DON'T, UH...
WHY DON'T I JUST JOIN
YOU... BOTH... THERE?
DON'T YOU HAVE A LAUNDRY ROOM
IN YOUR BUILDING?
YES.
I DO HAVE A LAUNDRY
ROOM IN MY BUILDING.
UH, BUT THERE'S
A RAT PROBLEM.
THEY'RE ATTRACTED
TO THE DRYER SHEETS
AND THEY'RE
GOING IN FINE
BUT THEY'RE
COMING OUT ALL...
FLUFFY.
ANYWAY, SAY, SEVEN-ISH?
SURE.
FORGET IT, JOEY.
I'M WITH BOB NOW.
BOB?
MM-HMM.
WHO THE HELL'S BOB?
BOB IS GREAT.
HE'S SMART, HE'S
SOPHISTICATED
AND HE HAS A REAL JOB.
YOU, YOU GO ON THREE
AUDITIONS A MONTH
AND YOU CALL
YOURSELF AN ACTOR
BUT BOB...
COME ON.
WE WERE GREAT TOGETHER
AND NOT JUST
AT THE FUN STUFF
BUT, LIKE, TALKING TOO.
YEAH...
YEAH, WELL, SORRY, JOE.
YOU SAID "LET'S
JUST BE FRIENDS"
SO GUESS WHAT?
WHAT?
WE'RE JUST FRIENDS.
FINE. FINE. SO,
WHY DON'T THE FOUR OF US
GO OUT AND HAVE DINNER
TOGETHER TONIGHT--
YOU KNOW, AS FRIENDS?
WHAT FOUR OF US?
WELL, YOU KNOW, YOU AND BOB
AND ME AND MY GIRLFRIEND,
UH... UH...
MONICA.
I'M TELLING YOU
THIS GUY IS
PERFECT FOR YOU.
FORGET IT.
NOT AFTER YOUR COUSIN
WHO COULD BELCH
THE ALPHABET.
COME ON.
THIS GUY'S GREAT.
HIS NAME'S BOB.
HE'S ANGELA'S... BROTHER.
HE'S SMART, HE'S
SOPHISTICATED, AND
HE HAS A REAL JOB.
ME, I GO ON THREE
AUDITIONS A MONTH
AND CALL MYSELF AN ACTOR,
BUT BOB IS...
OH, GOD HELP US.
WHAT?
UGLY NAKED GUYS
LAYING KITCHEN TILE.
EEW!
LOOK, I'M ASKING
A FAVOR HERE.
YOU KNOW, I'M THINKING
IF I DO THIS THING
FOR HER BROTHER
MAYBE ANGELA
WILL COME BACK TO ME.
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
YOU GO OUT WITH
TONS OF GIRLS.
I KNOW, BUT...
LOOK, I MADE
A HUGE MISTAKE.
I NEVER SHOULD HAVE
BROKE UP WITH HER.
WILL YOU HELP ME?
PLEASE?
OKAY. BYE.
WELL,
MONICA'S NOT COMING.
IT'S JUST GOING
TO BE ME AND RACHEL.
( chuckling softly )
WELL, HOLD ON
THERE, CAMPER.
YOU SURE YOU'VE
THOUGHT THIS THROUGH?
IT'S LAUNDRY.
THE THINKING THROUGH
IS PRETTY MINIMAL.
SEE, IT'S JUST YOU AND RACHEL,
JUST THE TWO OF YOU?
THIS IS A DATE.
YOU'RE GOING ON A DATE.
N'UH-UH.
Y'UH-HUH.
SO, WHAT ARE YOU SAYING HERE--
I SHOULD SHAVE AGAIN,
PICK UP SOME WINE? WHAT?
WELL, YOU, UH, MAY WANT
TO RETHINK THE
DIRTY UNDERWEAR.
THIS IS BASICALLY
THE FIRST TIME
SHE'S GOING TO SEE YOUR
UNDERWEAR.
DO YOU WANT IT
TO BE DIRTY?
NO.
OH, AND, UH,
THE FABRIC SOFTENER?
OKAY, OKAY, NOW, WHAT IS WRONG
WITH MY SNUGGLES?
IT, WHAT? IT SAYS I'M
A SENSITIVE, WARM KIND OF GUY
YOU KNOW,
LIKE A LITTLE FUZZY BEAR.
I CAN GET SOMETHING ELSE.
THERE YOU GO.
THANK YOU.
SO, WHAT DOES THIS
BOB GUY LOOK LIKE?
IS HE TALL, SHORT?
YUP.
WHICH?
WHICH WHAT?
YOU'VE NEVER MET BOB, HAVE YOU?
NO, BUT HE'S...
OH, MY GOD, JOEY
THIS GUY COULD BE HORRIBLY...
HEY, JOEY!
HORRIBLY ATTRACTIVE.
I'LL BE SHUTTING UP NOW.
WHERE ARE THEY?
THIS IS NICE.
WE NEVER DO ANYTHING
JUST THE TWO OF US.
IT'S GREAT.
MAYBE TOMORROW
WE CAN RENT A CAR
RUN OVER SOME PUPPIES.
I DON'T WANT TO DO THAT.
HERE WE GO.
OKAY, HAVE A
GOOD BREAK-UP.
HEY, JANICE.
OH, MY GOD
I AM SO GLAD
YOU CALLED ME.
I HAD THE MOST
SUPREMELY AWFUL DAY.
HEY, THAT'S NOT GOOD.
CAN I GET AN ESPRESSO AND
A LATTE OVER HERE, PLEASE?
WE GOT THE PROOFS BACK
FROM THAT PHOTO SHOOT--
THE ONE WITH
THE LITTLE VEGETABLES--
THEY PRETTY MUCH SUCKED
SO I BLEW OFF
THE REST OF THE AFTERNOON.
I WENT SHOPPING,
AND I GOT YOU...
I'M LOOKING,
I'M LOOKING...
I GOT YOU...
WHAT?!
WHAT?
WHAT... DID YOU
GET ME THERE?
I GOT YOU...
THESE.
BULLWINKLE SOCKS.
THAT'S SO SWEET.
I KNEW
YOU HAD THE ROCKYS
SO YOU COULD WEAR
BULLWINKLE AND BULLWINKLE
OR YOU COULD WEAR
ROCKY AND ROCKY
OR YOU CAN
MIX AND MATCH.
MOOSE AND SQUIRREL.
WHATEVER YOU WANT.
WELL, I'M GOING TO
GET ANOTHER ESPRESSO.
MORE LATTE?
NO... NO, I-I'M, I'M
STILL WORKING ON MINE.
( braying laugh )
THAT'S IT?
YEAH, IT WAS REALLY HARD.
OH, YEAH, THE HUG
LOOKED PRETTY BRUTAL.
OKAY,
YOU WEREN'T THERE.
Woman:
COMING THROUGH.
MOVE, MOVE.
OH, EXCUSE ME.
I WAS KIND OF
USING THAT MACHINE.
YEAH, WELL, NOW
YOU'RE KIND OF NOT.
BUT, I-I SAVED IT.
I-I PUT MY BASKET
ON TOP.
OH, I'M SORRY, IS
THAT YOUR BASKET?
YES.
IT'S REALLY PRETTY.
UNFORTUNATELY,
I DON'T SEE SUDS!
WHAT?
NO SUDS, NO SAVE. OKAY?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
HI. UH, NOTHING.
THIS HORRIBLE WOMAN
JUST TOOK MY MACHINE.
WAS YOUR BASKET
ON TOP?
YEAH, BUT THERE
WERE NO SUDS.
SO?
YOU KNOW, "NO
SUDS, NO SAVE."
NO SUDS, NO..?
EXCUSE ME.
HOLD ON A SECOND.
THIS IS MY FRIEND'S
MACHINE.
HEY, HEY, HEY, HER
STUFF WASN'T IN IT.
HEY, HEY, HEY,
THAT'S NOT THE RULE
AND YOU KNOW IT.
ALL RIGHT,
SHOW'S OVER.
NOTHING TO SEE HERE.
OKAY, LET'S DO LAUNDRY.
THAT WAS AMAZING.
WELL...
I CAN'T EVEN
SEND BACK SOUP.
WELL, THAT'S BECAUSE YOU'RE
SUCH A SWEET, GENTLE, UH...
UM, UH, DO YOU, UH,
OH, HEY
YOU MUST NEED
DETERGENT. OH!
WHAT'S THAT?
UBERWEISS.
IT'S NEW, IT'S GERMAN
IT'S EXTRA-TOUGH.
RACH, ARE YOU GOING
TO SEPARATE THOSE?
OH, GOD. OH!
AM I BEING, LIKE A
TOTAL LAUNDRY SPAZ?
I MEAN, AM I SUPPOSED TO
USE ONE MACHINE FOR SHIRTS
AND ANOTHER MACHINE
FOR PANTS?
HAVE YOU..?
HAVE YOU NEVER
DONE THIS BEFORE?
WELL, NOT MYSELF
BUT I KNOW OTHER
PEOPLE THAT HAVE.
OKAY, YOU CAUGHT ME.
I'M A LAUNDRY VIRGIN.
UH, WELL, DON'T WORRY,
I'LL USE THE GENTLE CYCLE.
OKAY, UH...
BASICALLY, YOU WANT
TO USE ONE MACHINE
FOR ALL YOUR WHITES
A WHOLE NOTHER MACHINE
FOR, FOR YOUR COLORS
AND, AND A THIRD
FOR YOUR, UH...
UH... DELICATES,
AND THAT WOULD BE
YOUR BRAS AND YOUR
UNDER... PANTY-THINGS.
OKAY, WELL,
WHAT ABOUT...
THESE ARE WHITE
COTTON PANTIES.
WOULD THEY GO
WITH WHITES
OR WITH DELICATES?
UH, THAT, THAT...
THAT WOULD BE
A JUDGMENT CALL.
( all laughing )
SO, WHERE DID
YOU GUYS GROW UP?
BROOKLYN HEIGHTS.
CLEVELAND.
HA.
HOW DID THAT HAPPEN?
OH, MY GOD!
WHAT?
I, UH, SUDDENLY
HAD THE FEELING
I WAS... FALLING.
BUT I'M NOT.
SO, YOU AND ANGELA, HUH?
YEP. PRETTY MUCH.
YOU'RE A LUCKY MAN.
YEAH.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MISS
THE MOST ABOUT HER?
THAT CUTE NIBBLY NOISE
SHE MAKES WHEN SHE EATS
LIKE A HAPPY LITTLE
SQUIRREL OR...
OR A WEASEL.
I... I NEVER REALLY NOTICED.
OH, YEAH, YEAH.
LISTEN FOR IT.
MONICA...
MONICA IS GREAT.
YEAH. YEAH, SHE IS.
BUT, UH... IT'S
NOT GOING TO LAST.
SHE'S TOO MUCH
FOR ME IN BED.
SEXUALLY.
I'VE GOT TO TELL YOU.
BOB IS TERRIFIC.
YEAH. ISN'T HE?
IT IS SO GREAT TO MEET A GUY
WHO'S SMART AND FUNNY
AND HAS AN EMOTIONAL AGE
BEYOND, LIKE, EIGHT.
YOU KNOW WHAT ELSE?
HE'S UNBELIEVABLE IN BED.
WOW.
MY BROTHER NEVER EVEN TOLD ME
WHEN HE LOST HIS VIRGINITY.
HUH.
THAT'S NICE.
YOU CAN DO THIS.
IT'S JUST LIKE PULLING OFF
A BAND-AID.
JUST DO IT REALLY FAST
AND THEN THE WOUND IS EXPOSED.
GO. GO.
JANICE...
HI, JANICE.
OKAY, HERE WE GO: I DON'T
THINK WE SHOULD GO OUT ANYMORE.
JANICE.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL...
WELL, THERE YOU GO.
STOP IT. STOP IT.
STOP IT.
OKAY. I KNOW THIS IS GOING
TO SOUND REALLY STUPID
BUT I FEEL... I FEEL
THAT IF I CAN DO THIS...
YOU KNOW, IF I CAN ACTUALLY
DO MY OWN LAUNDRY
THERE ISN'T ANYTHING
I CAN'T DO.
THAT DOES NOT SOUND
STUPID TO ME.
LIKE THE FIRST TIME
I HAD TO MAKE DINNER FOR MYSELF
AFTER CAROL LEFT ME.
( buzzing )
THAT'S ALL THE TIME
WE HAVE.
NEXT, ON ROSS...
OKAY. UH-OH.
WHAT "UH-OH"?
UH-OH...
UH-OH... THE LAUNDRY'S DONE.
IT'S A... IT'S A SONG.
THE LAUNDRY SONG
THAT WE SING.
♪ UH-OH, THE LAUNDRY'S DONE. ♪
ROSS, WHAT'S THE MATTER?
NOTHING.
♪ LEE-LO, THE LAUNDRY'S DONE. ♪
COME ON. SHOW ME.
IT'S JUST THAT YOU LEFT
A RED SOCK IN
WITH ALL YOUR WHITES
AND NOW...
EVERYTHING'S KIND OF PINK.
OH. EVERYTHING'S PINK.
YEAH.
EXCEPT FOR THE RED SOCK,
WHICH IS STILL RED.
DON'T BE UPSET.
IT COULD HAPPEN TO ANYONE.
BUT IT DIDN'T.
IT HAPPENED TO ME.
GOD! I'M GOING TO LOOK
LIKE A BIG MARSHMALLOW PEEP.
WHAT AM I DOING?
MY FATHER'S RIGHT.
I CAN'T LIVE ON MY OWN.
I CAN'T EVEN DO LAUNDRY.
( making nibbly noises )
SOMETHING WENT WRONG
WITH UNDERDOG
AND THEY COULDN'T GET
HIS HEAD TO INFLATE
SO, ANYWAY, UM...
HIS HEAD IS, LIKE,
FLOPPING DOWN BROADWAY, RIGHT?
AND I'M JUST
THINKING...
HOW INAPPROPRIATE THIS IS.
UM... I'VE GOT SOMETHING
IN MY EYE.
JOEY, COULD WE CHECK IT
IN THE LIGHT?
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT?
HELLO?!
WERE WE AT THE SAME TABLE?
IT'S LIKE COCKTAILS
IN APPALACHIA.
COME ON. THEY'RE CLOSE.
CLOSE?
SHE'S GOT HER TONGUE
IN HIS EAR.
OH. LIKE YOU'VE NEVER GOTTEN
A LITTLE RAMBUNCTIOUS WITH ROSS?
JOEY, THIS IS SICK.
IT'S DISGUSTING.
IT'S... IT'S...
NOT REALLY TRUE, IS IT?
WHO'S TO SAY WHAT'S TRUE?
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
ALL RIGHT, LOOK.
I'M NOT PROUD OF THIS.
WELL, MAYBE I AM A LITTLE.
OH!
I'M OUT OF HERE.
WAIT. WAIT. WAIT.
YOU LIKE HIM.
I WANT HER.
HE LIKES YOU.
REALLY?
YEAH.
I'M THINKING IF WE
PUT OUR HEADS TOGETHER
BETWEEN THE TWO OF US
WE CAN BREAK THEM UP.
I'M SO SORRY.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I DID THIS.
I JUST COULDN'T STOP LAUGHING
AT YOUR NORMAN MAILER STORY
( making nibbly noises )
WAITER, ONE MORE PLATE
OF CHICKEN WINGS.
HERE'S THE THING, JANICE,
WE'RE DIFFERENT.
I'M LIKE
THE BING, BING, BING.
YOU'RE LIKE
THE BOOM, BOOM, BOOM.
OW!
MY GOD!
I'M SO SORRY.
ARE YOU OKAY?
OW.
IT'S JUST MY LENS.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
OW.
I HIT HER IN THE EYE.
I HIT HER IN THE EYE!
THIS IS THE WORST BREAKUP
IN THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD.
OH, MY GOD.
HOW MANY OF THOSE
HAVE YOU HAD?
I DON'T KNOW.
A MILLION?
CHANDLER, SHH.
EASY. EASY.
GO TO YOUR HAPPY PLACE.
♪ LA, LA, LA, LA, LA, LA. ♪
I'M FINE. I'M FINE.
I'M FINE.
I'M NOT FINE.
HERE SHE COMES.
JUST WAIT HERE, OKAY?
BREATHE.
HOW DO YOU DO THAT?
IT'S LIKE A GIFT.
WE SHOULD ALWAYS,
ALWAYS BREAK UP TOGETHER.
OH, I'D LIKE THAT.
YOU GOT THE CLOTHES CLEAN.
NOW, THAT'S
THE IMPORTANT PART.
OH, I GUESS.
EXCEPT EVERYTHING
LOOKS LIKE JAMMIES NOW.
OH, I'M SORRY.
EXCUSE ME.
WE HAD THIS CART.
YEAH, WELL, I HAD
A 24-INCH WAIST.
YOU LOSE THINGS.
NOW, COME ON.
GET OUT OF MY WAY.
MAYBE I WASN'T BEING CLEAR.
THIS WAS OUR CART.
THERE WEREN'T ANY
CLOTHES IN IT!
HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY!
QUIT MAKING UP RULES!
LET GO!
( arguing )
ALL RIGHT,
LISTEN, MITZI.
IF YOU WANT THIS CART
YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO TAKE ME WITH IT.
YES.
DID YOU SEE THAT?
YOU WERE INCREDIBLE.
A BRAND-NEW WOMAN,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
I COULD NOT HAVE DONE THIS
WITHOUT YOU.
OKAY, UM... UH...
MORE CLOTHES
IN THE DRYER?
I'M FINE. I'M FINE.
ARE YOU SURE?
NO.
ARE YOU SURE YOU'RE OKAY?
YEAH.
DOES IT STILL HURT?
WHAT A NEAT IDEA.
ALL YOUR CLOTHES MATCH.
I'M GOING TO DO THIS.
HI.
HEY. HOW DID IT GO?
EXCELLENT.
WE RIPPED THAT COUPLE APART
AND KEPT THE PIECES
FOR OURSELVES.
WHAT A BEAUTIFUL STORY.
HEY. I'M FINE, BY THE WAY.
OH, I'M...
HEY. WHERE'S CHANDLER?
HE NEEDED SOME TIME TO GRIEVE.
I'M FREE! I'M FREE!
THAT OUGHT TO DO IT.